Add the enhanced_gradients package (#112)
leancodepl/flutter_corelibrary: packages/enhanced_gradients/README.md

# enhanced_gradients

> This package adds an easy way to enhance your Flutter gradients by interpolating colors

Reviewer: It's not only for gradients but also for any color transitions, most commonly components' state changes

Author: Well you're right! I've completely forgotten about this use case (and the HctColorTween from which the entire project started)

in the HCT color system provided by the [material_color_utilities package](https://pub.dev/packages/material_color_utilities).

## Usage

The package exposes two ways to modify the builtin `LinearGradient`, `RadialGradient` and `SweepGradient` gradients:

```dart
// 1st way: extension method

LinearGradient(
  colors: const [Color(0xFF000000), Color(0xFFFFFFFF)],
  // ...
).enhanced()

RadialGradient(
  colors: const [Color(0xFF000000), Color(0xFFFFFFFF)],
  // ...
).enhanced()

SweepGradient(
  colors: const [Color(0xFF000000), Color(0xFFFFFFFF)],
  // ...
).enhanced()
```

```dart
// 2nd way: `Enhanced*Gradient` class

EnhancedLinearGradient(
  colors: const [Color(0xFF000000), Color(0xFFFFFFFF)],
  // ...
)

EnhancedRadialGradient(
  colors: const [Color(0xFF000000), Color(0xFFFFFFFF)],
  // ...

> ).enhanced()

Reviewer: Those extension methods shouldn't be here I suppose

Author: Whoopsie 😅

# enhanced_gradients

This package adds an easy way to enhance your Flutter gradients and color transitions by interpolating colors
in the HCT color system provided by the [material_color_utilities package](https://pub.dev/packages/material_color_utilities).

## Usage

> The package exposes two ways to modify the builtin `LinearGradient`, `RadialGradient` and `SweepGradient` gradients:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The package exposes two ways to modify the built-in `LinearGradient`, `RadialGradient` and `SweepGradient` gradients:
```

Author: :thonk: is the non-separated version really incorrect? I'm ok with either, so sure let's change it to built-in
